Add publish in the github action CI (#42)
meilisearch/firestore-meilisearch: CONTRIBUTING.md

⚠️ Before doing anything, make sure you got through the guide about [Releasing an Integration](https://github.com/meilisearch/integration-guides/blob/main/resources/integration-release.md).

> 1. To update the version package in all needed file you can run the `version.sh` script with the version number in argument: `"X.X.X"`. If you want to modify it by hand you had to update the version in [`package.json`](/package.json), [`package.json`](/functions/package.json) in functions directory, the [`extension.yaml`](/extension.yaml) and the [`version.ts`](/functions/src/version.ts).</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To update the version package in all needed files you can run the `version.sh` script with the version number in argument: `"X.X.X"`. If you want to modify it by hand you have to update the version in the following files:
- [`package.json`](/package.json)
- [`package.json`](/functions/package.json) in the functions directory
- [`extension.yaml`](/extension.yaml) 
- [`version.ts`](/functions/src/version.ts).

After which don't forget to rebuild the project.
</br>
```
